# [MOVES]: V3

### <a href="https://dex.showdowndav.dynv6.net/moves/dusk" title="For 5 turns, Ghost hits Normal. Ghost and Dark moves secondary chances are doubled. Ghost and Dark resisted moves hit normally.">Dusk</a>
- **short_description** modifié : "For 5 turns, Ghost hits Normal. Ghost and Dark moves secondary chances are doubled. Ghost and Dark resisted moves hit normally." → "For 5 turns, Ghost hits Normal. Ghost and Dark moves secondary chances are doubled. Ghost and Dark resisted moves hit normally. Substitutes and Protect are bypassed."
- **description** modifié : "For 5 turns, the weather becomes Dusk. Ghost hits Normal. Ghost and Dark moves secondary chances are doubled. Ghost and Dark resisted moves hit normally. Lasts for 8 turns if the user is holding Dusk Stone. Fails if the current weather is Dusk." → "For 5 turns, the weather becomes Dusk. Ghost hits Normal. Ghost and Dark moves secondary chances are doubled. Ghost and Dark resisted moves hit normally. Substitutes and Protect are bypassed. Lasts for 8 turns if the user is holding Dusk Stone. Fails if the current weather is Dusk."

### <a href="https://dex.showdowndav.dynv6.net/moves/lockon" title="User's 5 next turns moves will not miss the target.">Lock-On</a>
- **short_description** modifié : "User's 5 next turns moves will not miss the target." → "Every move used by this Pokemon will always hit."
- **description** modifié : "For 5 turns, the target cannot avoid the user's moves, even if the target is in the middle of a two-turn move. The effect ends if either the user or the target leaves the field. Fails if this effect is active for the user." → "Every move used by this Pokemon will always hit."

### <a href="https://dex.showdowndav.dynv6.net/moves/mentaldrop" title="Applies all set entry hazards on the opposite Pokemon's side.">Mental Drop</a>
- **short_description** modifié : "Applies all set entry hazards on the opposite Pokemon's side." → "Applies all set entry hazards effects on the opposite Pokemon's side."
- **description** modifié : "Applies all set entry hazards on the opposite Pokemon's side." → "Applies all set entry hazards effects on the opposite Pokemon's side."

### <a href="https://dex.showdowndav.dynv6.net/moves/mindreader" title="User's 5 next turns moves will not miss the target.">Mind Reader</a>
- **short_description** modifié : "User's 5 next turns moves will not miss the target." → "Every move used by this Pokemon will always hit."
- **description** modifié : "For 5 turns, the target cannot avoid the user's moves, even if the target is in the middle of a two-turn move. The effect ends if either the user or the target leaves the field. Fails if this effect is active for the user." → "Every move used by this Pokemon will always hit."

### <a href="https://dex.showdowndav.dynv6.net/moves/moonlight" title="Heals the user by a weather-dependent amount.">Moonlight</a>
- **description** modifié : "The user restores 1/2 of its maximum HP if Delta Stream or no weather conditions are in effect or if the user is holding Utility Umbrella, 2/3 of its maximum HP if the weather is Desolate Land or Sunny Day, and 1/4 of its maximum HP if the weather is Primordial Sea, Rain Dance, Sandstorm, or Snow, all rounded half down." → "The user restores 1/2 of its maximum HP if Delta Stream or no weather conditions are in effect or if the user is holding Utility Umbrella, 2/3 of its maximum HP if the weather is Desolate Land, Sunny Day or Dusk, and 1/4 of its maximum HP if the weather is Primordial Sea, Rain Dance, Sandstorm, or Snow, all rounded half down."

### <a href="https://dex.showdowndav.dynv6.net/moves/mournfulhooting" title="30% chance to confuse the target, 20% chance to flinch.">Mournful Hooting</a>
- **short_description** modifié : "30% chance to confuse the target, 20% chance to flinch." → "20% chance to confuse the target, 20% chance to flinch."
- **description** modifié : "Has a 30% chance to confuse the target, 20% chance to flinch." → "Has a 20% chance to confuse the target, 20% chance to flinch."

### <a href="https://dex.showdowndav.dynv6.net/moves/netherward" title="Curses foes on switch-in. Causes 1/16 self-damage when using Special moves.">Nether Ward</a>
- **short_description** modifié : "Curses foes on switch-in. Causes 1/16 self-damage when using Special moves." → "Curses foes on switch-in. Causes 1/8 self-damage when using Special moves."

### <a href="https://dex.showdowndav.dynv6.net/moves/raindance" title="For 5 turns, heavy rain powers Water moves.">Rain Dance</a>
- **flags** modifié : {"metronome":1} → {"metronome":1,"dance":1}

### <a href="https://dex.showdowndav.dynv6.net/moves/royalgambit">royalgambit</a>
- **num** ajouté : `10053.0`
- **name** ajouté : Royal Gambit
- **type** ajouté : Water
- **base_power** ajouté : `160.0`
- **accuracy** ajouté : `95.0`
- **pp** ajouté : `5.0`
- **priority** ajouté : `0.0`
- **category** ajouté : Physical
- **flags** ajouté : {"protect":1,"mirror":1,"metronome":1}
- **short_description** ajouté : "Lowers the user's Atk by 2, 30% chance to flinch."
- **description** ajouté : "Lowers the user's Attack by 2 stages, 30% chance to flinch."

### <a href="https://dex.showdowndav.dynv6.net/moves/shadowclaw" title="High critical hit ratio.">Shadow Claw</a>
- **short_description** modifié : "High critical hit ratio." → "High critical hit ratio. Results in a critical hit if weather is Dusk."
- **description** modifié : "Has a higher chance for a critical hit." → "High critical hit ratio. Results in a critical hit if weather is Dusk."

### <a href="https://dex.showdowndav.dynv6.net/moves/shadowdance">shadowdance</a>
- **num** ajouté : `10056.0`
- **name** ajouté : Shadow Dance
- **type** ajouté : Dark
- **base_power** ajouté : `100.0`
- **accuracy** ajouté : `100.0`
- **pp** ajouté : `10.0`
- **priority** ajouté : `0.0`
- **category** ajouté : Special
- **flags** ajouté : {"allyanim":1,"metronome":1,"futuremove":1,"dance":1}
- **short_description** ajouté : "Hits two turns after being used. Weather becomes Dusk."
- **description** ajouté : "Deals damage two turns after this move is used. At the end of that turn, the damage is calculated at that time and dealt to the Pokemon at the position the target had when the move was used. If the user is no longer active at the time, damage is calculated based on the user's natural Special Attack stat, types, and level, with no boosts from its held item or Ability. Fails if this move or Doom Desire is already in effect for the target's position. the weather becomes Dusk."

### <a href="https://dex.showdowndav.dynv6.net/moves/stonegaze" title="Changes the target's type to Rock.">Stone Gaze</a>
- **short_description** modifié : "Changes the target's type to Rock." → "100% chance lower adjacent Pkmn Speed by 1. Changes the target's type to Rock."
- **description** modifié : "Causes the target to become a Rock type. Fails if the target is an Arceus or a Silvally, if the target is already purely Rock type, or if the target is Terastallized." → "Has a 100% chance to lower the target's Speed by 1 stage. Causes the target to become a Rock type. Fails if the target is an Arceus or a Silvally, if the target is already purely Rock type, or if the target is Terastallized."

### <a href="https://dex.showdowndav.dynv6.net/moves/stormdance">stormdance</a>
- **num** ajouté : `10055.0`
- **name** ajouté : Storm Dance
- **type** ajouté : Flying
- **base_power** ajouté : `100.0`
- **accuracy** ajouté : `100.0`
- **pp** ajouté : `10.0`
- **priority** ajouté : `0.0`
- **category** ajouté : Special
- **flags** ajouté : {"allyanim":1,"metronome":1,"futuremove":1,"dance":1}
- **short_description** ajouté : "Hits two turns after being used. Weather becomes Rain Dance."
- **description** ajouté : "Deals damage two turns after this move is used. At the end of that turn, the damage is calculated at that time and dealt to the Pokemon at the position the target had when the move was used. If the user is no longer active at the time, damage is calculated based on the user's natural Special Attack stat, types, and level, with no boosts from its held item or Ability. Fails if this move or Doom Desire is already in effect for the target's position. the weather becomes Rain Dance."

### <a href="https://dex.showdowndav.dynv6.net/moves/sundance">sundance</a>
- **num** ajouté : `10054.0`
- **name** ajouté : Sun Dance
- **type** ajouté : Fire
- **base_power** ajouté : `100.0`
- **accuracy** ajouté : `100.0`
- **pp** ajouté : `10.0`
- **priority** ajouté : `0.0`
- **category** ajouté : Special
- **flags** ajouté : {"allyanim":1,"metronome":1,"futuremove":1,"dance":1}
- **short_description** ajouté : "Hits two turns after being used. Weather becomes Sunny Day."
- **description** ajouté : "Deals damage two turns after this move is used. At the end of that turn, the damage is calculated at that time and dealt to the Pokemon at the position the target had when the move was used. If the user is no longer active at the time, damage is calculated based on the user's natural Special Attack stat, types, and level, with no boosts from its held item or Ability. Fails if this move or Doom Desire is already in effect for the target's position. the weather becomes Sunny Day."

### <a href="https://dex.showdowndav.dynv6.net/moves/unseenbone">unseenbone</a>
- **num** ajouté : `10052.0`
- **name** ajouté : Unseen Bone
- **type** ajouté : Ground
- **base_power** ajouté : `40.0`
- **accuracy** ajouté : `100.0`
- **pp** ajouté : `30.0`
- **priority** ajouté : `1.0`
- **category** ajouté : Physical
- **flags** ajouté : {"contact":1,"protect":1,"mirror":1,"metronome":1,"bypasssub":1}
- **short_description** ajouté : "Usually goes first."
- **description** ajouté : "No additional effect."
